Buttonify support page and clean up about page (#260)
jupyterhub/binder: doc/about/index.md

# About mybinder.org

The Binder Project is an open community that makes it possible to create sharable,
interactive, reproducible environments. The main technical product that
the community creates is called BinderHub, which you can try out

> at `mybinder.org`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at [`mybinder.org`](https://mybinder.org). 
```

> This is a collection of pages about the Binder service running at mybinder.org.
> These sections cover things like what to expect when using mybinder.org, who runs the service, and how you can support it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a collection of pages about the Binder service running at mybinder.org, covering things like what to expect when using mybinder.org, who runs the service, and how you can support it.
```
